docs/index.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "remote Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# remote Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
# 'conn' must be defined in the resources and data sources when not defined in the provider.
provider "remote" {
  max_sessions = 2
}

# When 'conn' is defined in the provider, it can be overridden in resources and data sources.
# To override it, simply define a 'conn' in the resource or data source.
provider "remote" {
  alias = "server1"

  max_sessions = 2

  conn {
    host     = "10.0.0.12"
    user     = "john"
    password = "password"
    sudo     = true
  }
}

provider "remote" {
  alias = "server2"

  max_sessions = 2

  conn {
    host     = "10.0.0.15"
    user     = "john"
    password = "password"
    sudo     = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `conn` (Block List, Max: 1) Default connection to host where files are located. Can be overridden in resources and data sources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conn))
- `max_sessions` (Number) Maximum number of open sessions in each host connection. Defaults to `3`.

<a id="nestedblock--conn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conn`

Required:

- `host` (String) The remote host.
- `user` (String) The user on the remote host.

Optional:

- `agent` (Boolean) Use a local SSH agent to login to the remote host. Defaults to `false`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The pasword for the user on the remote host.
- `port` (Number) The ssh port on the remote host. Defaults to `22`.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key used to login to the remote host.
- `private_key_env_var` (String) The name of the local environment variable containing the private key used to login to the remote host.
- `private_key_path` (String) The local path to the private key used to login to the remote host.
- `sudo` (Boolean) Use sudo to gain access to file. Defaults to `false`.
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum amount of time, in milliseconds, for the TCP connection to establish. Timeout of zero means no timeout.

Commit message:

Start implementing operation retry timeout

docs/index.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "remote Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# remote Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
# 'conn' must be defined in the resources and data sources when not defined in the provider.
provider "remote" {
  max_sessions = 2
}

# When 'conn' is defined in the provider, it can be overridden in resources and data sources.
# To override it, simply define a 'conn' in the resource or data source.
provider "remote" {
  alias = "server1"

  max_sessions = 2

  conn {
    host     = "10.0.0.12"
    user     = "john"
    password = "password"
    sudo     = true
  }
}

provider "remote" {
  alias = "server2"

  max_sessions = 2

  conn {
    host     = "10.0.0.15"
    user     = "john"
    password = "password"
    sudo     = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `conn` (Block List, Max: 1) Default connection to host where files are located. Can be overridden in resources and data sources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conn))
- `max_sessions` (Number) Maximum number of open sessions in each host connection. Defaults to `3`.

<a id="nestedblock--conn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conn`

Required:

- `host` (String) The remote host.
- `user` (String) The user on the remote host.

Optional:

- `agent` (Boolean) Use a local SSH agent to login to the remote host. Defaults to `false`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The pasword for the user on the remote host.
- `port` (Number) The ssh port on the remote host. Defaults to `22`.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key used to login to the remote host.
- `private_key_env_var` (String) The name of the local environment variable containing the private key used to login to the remote host.
- `private_key_path` (String) The local path to the private key used to login to the remote host.
- `retry_timeout` (String) The maximum amount of time, in duration string, for retrying the operation. Timeout evaluating to zero means no retries will be attempted.
- `sudo` (Boolean) Use sudo to gain access to file. Defaults to `false`.
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum amount of time, in milliseconds, for the TCP connection to establish. Timeout of zero means no timeout.
